# Team Project Prompts

Each team of students will be assigned one of the following projects to
complete. Though the broad brush-strokes are laid out for you here, the details
are up to you, so feel free to get as creative as you like!

Note: As in previous projects, **only shoot for Reach Goals once you've
satisfied the core requirements**.

## Bucketli.st

Besides finishing WDI, you surely have one or two things you'd love to do with
your life. Let's get 'em on paper! You could integrate with a third-party
location-based API to allow users to search for a location or venue to add to
their bucket list items.

**Reach Goal**: Add social features to your site, such as following other users.
Allow users to make certain list items public, but default to private.

## E-Commerce

Create an e-commerce site for famed retail giant, Nozama.com! Naturally, the
site will need to allow customers to see all of Nozama's products, add those
items to a shopping cart, and purchase them using
[Stripe](https://stripe.com/docs/checkout). In addition, by logging in,
customers should be able to keep track of their purchases by looking at their
past orders.

**Reach Goal**: Build a search feature so that people can search for specific
products by name.

## Survey

Make an app that can be used to create custom surveys (for instance, asking
"what should we eat for lunch today?" or "On a scale of 0-5, how well did you
understand what we just learned?") and collect the responses on a dashboard for
that particular survey.

**Reach Goal**: Make the dashboard real-time, so you can see answers pour in as
they're completed. Each live survey should be hosted at a unique,
randomly-generated URL.

## FileBucket

Build a Dropbox-like app that allows users to upload files into a virtual file
system. Ordinary users can only read/download a file where as Owners can do
anything to the files they own. In addition to keeping track of file structure,
this app should associate meta-data with each file, including things like:

-   date created/uploaded
-   date modified
-   owner (person who uploaded the file)
-   tags

**Reach Goal**: Implement a simple permissions system for your CMS:

-   'collaborators' can be chosen; they have permission to read from and write
    to files.

## Content Management System

Build an app to build a website! Your app must allow non-technical users to
write blog posts **and** pages for the site. When a visitor visits your site,
they should see content. When a user logs in, they should see a dashboard that
lets them create and edit new posts or pages.

**Reach Goal**: Implement authorization. Administrators should be able to delete
pages or posts, while normal users should be able to edit pages. Only
administrators can publish a new post, normal users can only save drafts.
